---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
subtitle: Postdoc @ <a href="https://glia.ibs.re.kr/html/glia_en/">IBS Center for Cognition and Sociality</a>

profile:
  align: right
  image: prof_pic.png
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular
  # address: >
  #   <p>B231, IBS Theory Bldg</p>
  #   <p>Expo-ro 55, Yuseong-gu</p>
  #   <p>Daejeon, Korea, 34126</p>

news: flase  # includes a list of news items
selected_papers: false # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: false  # includes social icons at the bottom of the page
years: [2022, 2021, 2020, 2019, 2018, 2017, 2016]
---
"What I cannot create, I do not understand." - Richard Feynman

My interest is finding the link between the human mind and artificial intelligence. Either uncovering the secrets of the human mind or developing artificial intelligence inspired by it is all that excites me. During my PhD, my main research specialties were electrophysiology and animal behavior analysis. At the time, I wondered how the chaotic, asynchronous electrical signals generated by the brain's numerous neurons could shape higher-order "intelligence" and generate non-random patterns of behavior. Now, to answer that question, I am interested in creating artificial intelligence that leverages the many interesting clues that exist in the brain. Wouldn't that help us better understand the brain? I believe any crazy idea is worth trying if it can excite people. Even if the model I create is far from how a real brain works and don't offer any performance gains over SOTA models, one thing is clear: the process of creating it is very enjoyable. If you share similar thoughts with me, I look forward to talking with you. Please reach me if you can! Let's fire together and wire together!

<div class="clearfix">
</div>

<div class="publications">
<h2>publications</h2>
{%- for y in page.years %}
  <h2 class="year">{{y}}</h2>
  {% bibliography -f papers -q @*[year={{y}}]* %}
{% endfor %}

</div>